### Feedback Processing

We want to thank the group for the helpful feedback.
We added extra links to the readme's in order to help with navigation through the folders. Our initial idea was to enable people to browse through the different directories, but for people that are just interested in certain aspects it might indeed be nice to have additional links that bring them straight to where to want to be.
We also improved on the readme in the instructions directory. We first aimed to a process in which the reproduction of the experiment could be done by following the exact same steps as we have performed. This required a lot of additional navigation however. We have now included how to perform the testing in the readme in the hope that people don't feel quite as lost when they are looking at our directory. We have not removed the safety information from the seperate file along with some additional tutorial instructions, in order to stress people to go there to read the safety instructions carefully. In our experience, if you add the safety instructions in the same file people will just quickly skim over it and not really take it in consideration while performing the experiment. By forcing the group the go to a different file to read the safety instructions we hope that they will read them properly and remember them while performing the experiment.
We also added some additional information to the safety instructions in order to make them apply to a wider audience. We specifically included what to do in case something goes wrong so people without knowledge of chemicals know what to do in case something goes wrong. 
We also specified the locations for the ventilation testing a bit better, hopefully this will improve the re-testability of the box. We should have mentioned that testing locations now covered with duct tape would not be neccessary since we don't plan to take the duct tape of.